holy moly mackerel brownie it's hot
light League episode 44 I uh well I just
drove six hours down an entire state
one of the biggest by the way one of the
biggest states to get to this show I'll
come straight out of na LCS finals so
you've heard about Straight Outta
Compton high straight out of Oakland
that's how this week is gone I'm joined
by Mark Zimmer and Kelly there there
there's guests for the today we're gonna
start the show in just second right of
course we'll be talking about files
goblet and so much more all that coming
up next at a hotline League episode 44
hotline League is brought to you by omen
by HP and here we are returning to the
show as always I don't know I wonder how
many people we lose with with those
intros I think it went up but it's hard
to know because we just tweeted as well
so they don't know how long
no no but I mean like in the vodkas
twitch chat seems to react they have
mixed feelings on on how I start these
shows and I wonder how many people click
the button you know on on YouTube and
then they just leave because they
they're a little offended by that well I
don't think they're usually quite as bad
as Womack
whatever you said dude I thought it was
a very Travis thank you see that's the
mix we see the mixed intros in that you
should get - to start the analyst test
that way he needs a prompter so you'd
have to tell you have to spell that out
for him yeah just like hitless nutter
I'm to Baroda brew barrel and me yeah
yeah all right I am joined of course as
always by my constant host more examine
how's it going mark pretty good we as in
Oakland as well I flew back in the
morning I took like an hour nap so I'm
actually not any better for it and
that's just making me feel like shit and
other than that yeah I have fun this
weekend yep sounds like you did the
enthusiasm is just as always dripping
from your voice what's were there any
highlights for you
showmatch actually was really hesitant
about that cuz it was kind of last
minute and so i wasn't sure how it was
gonna go yes and I get planet Lee
announced it like a week before so I
can't assume it was playing that much
earlier I don't know the specifics of
all the coordination salvation at least
like how far I was looped into it you
know it was kind of like alright here we
go
and then like it was something that we
we didn't rehearse and like usually the
ad does not cast game so there's a lot
of uncharted territory but I almost dusk
an analyst s usually just not cast games
so I thought it turned out very well for
the you know I think I think the
personalities and the people Delta Fox
and Taiwan even freak like stepped up
and made it really really good yeah I
really enjoyed it
actually I thought it was a highlight of
the event certainly better than day two
I'll put more energy I would say after
experiencing that I don't know why we
used pro players for anything that's
entertainment related that's a really
good point what do you think we do
though we do those April Fool's streams
and and like productions and I'm like oh
my god keep I and Tyler one are 10 times
funnier than Jensen and bjergsen yeah
yeah I think you do those things to try
to build the brands of Jensen up York's
in so if you don't do that then I don't
think listen they should be able to do
that themselves I think we should just
make the best funny show we could make
yeah that might be fair uh
Kelby what's up we hung out this weekend
hell yeah
what did you think you this is your
first live League event in some time
right yes
years I thought that the the inch like I
thought the production on site was good
for the venue I got very hyped during
the intro and stuff the matches were not
exciting well you were only there the
second day to me yeah yeah no sorry yeah
it's only their day too because I only
only came to watch Peter and yeah the
matches weren't exciting but they were
exactly what I wanted and the crowd was
really really not in
to it but you know the considering the
considering the matches like I don't
know it's it's hard to feel like that's
probably a lot of excitement especially
since like the way that League of
Legends matches like content to end the
you know that the game is over 30 to 40
seconds before it like you know it's
actually over and they don't like GG out
you make them you know or the teams
decide to walk down and you know kill
the Nexus so it's like well
anticlimactic in that regard yeah but um
no I thought it was I thought it was a
good event I enjoyed myself especially
considering 300 should stumped or TL
three oh shit stopped
that's why yes that's right yeah got to
talking about the ginyu force thing real
quick yeah that was it go ahead Kobe it
was awesome yeah that was I think the
greatest gay new force of all time it
was really good I think honestly can't
think of a better one because like there
are so many things perfect about like
you don't have to see the awkwardness of
them like slowly getting in position
it's not a picture it's a video it has a
nice camera pan it's backlit it's got
smoke on the floor there's like high
bass music behind it they all like
mostly hit their poses pretty well only
did a different one who said like he did
it on purpose to not block double lift
and stuff and like I don't know dude
like I've seen a lot of ginyu forces yes
so I greatest one of all time I have
seen the memes this is so I think an
interesting I had seen them the the
memes before but it didn't strike me at
first that that was what I was seeing
because I've never watched the show and
I didn't really you know I'm not very
much I'm not very anime minded and I was
just like damn this thing is so cool
whatever pose they got into is so cool
and then in that the six hour drive back
to home Brodin explained to me I was
like what actually is that because
obviously I've seen the picture and he
was like oh yeah it's like almost like a
joke in the show like this is like a
like lackluster group of people that
could what's it what's the name of the
game
I mean it's again you form and then I
know but the the main character I'm Goku
yeah he said that Goku like takes them
all out Broden kind of characterized
them was like a team rocket like that
they're like not a game
is a lot more powerful than Team Rocket
I would say well being intentionally
corny like they're there yeah yeah and
that's what I thought was so funny about
this is that like they took this thing
that is like supposed to be
intentionally corny and they made it
look so cool
all right all right well first off you
gotta calm down because this was amazing
well I just mean I'm like babe it did
that like everyone has done this before
I will give him credit for having what
I've never seen it well okay can I ask a
clarifying point as well is that like
where were they low light and then they
brought the light up all the way or did
they make that set of poses completely
in the dark I think they did in the dark
and that's impressive
in the chair by the way Olli you said
you guys were rehearsing that like the
day before when they were going through
walkthrough and stuff right and that's
how you guys were able to hit it so
perfectly like well Peter told me Peter
told me because I was you know friends
with doublelift I was hang out with him
last night and we were we were he was
telling me that basically what they did
was they they like went and found a
mirror and they like all on their own
choreographed this like that they'd be
like oh no we're too far apart we're too
far apart
yeah bring it in and so that like the
team them I loved that it was something
that the team did and that the team
choreographed us together to make sure
that it's it made it feel so much better
right that this wasn't something of the
production try to do yeah and I think
like people talk about the Koo Tigers
entrance like theirs was sick too but it
was not quite the game you force they
were all just kind of doing like some
cool poses as they came out of the
ground but like that shit's so memorable
like the fact that people are even
comparing it to a Koo Tigers thing from
nothing was 2016 whenever that happened
yeah I I'm very I'm very tempted to make
a video about it is this the greatest
ginyu force of all time every I think
you should and I like the mods will
promptly delete it from the League of
Legends subreddit there is somebody
tells me that I'm looking through
through the Flickr right now because
apparently there are pictures in here of
them practicing it and production ahead
of time I'm trying to find this footage
because I really like the I thought this
is this is what this is literally what
squad should be this
if Damien still watching using the chat
earlier like just I don't care about
like oh it took so long and oh we really
just just make the whole video about
making the getting you kidding you for
it of the two things they accomplish
this weekend I think making ginyu force
look that cool was actually harder than
beating c9 yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so
anyway props to that I that's a fun
conversation to have I don't think we
need to have any calls oh hang on I
found I found the picture I'm going to
put it on I'll put it on there
the yeah I don't think we didn't have
any calls about this but no here's them
like this is in the mirror in a bathroom
it looks like her makeup room do p
belters face is so clutch like yeah yeah
have such like a dead set fucking look
yeah like that's what sells it is is the
face yeah let's give you could see all
the cameras in the background rolling
over this is pretty pretty sick either I
really like that picture alright other
than that let's just maybe we can chat
about what that good topics are what are
you laughing about work just other than
that oh yeah I mean I think we can wrap
the show now other than that though what
what are the big conversations for
tonight I know we got team liquids win
obviously and stomping over c9 we've got
TSM over 100 T we've got 100 T
qualifying to Worlds I think there are
some people that have streamed it mixed
feelings I guess about the fact that
it's weird to see them lose on one day
and the next day find out the cool thing
for us and yeah I what else got--let I
guess this weekend are the because my
freak another thing there's like some
other like voter olds stuff like rookie
made it like if people care about time I
personally don't want to talk about that
stuff but there's some international
world's news yeah so means this lck l
feel like we like we talked about
haven't even mentioned EU like there's
just no fucking way you're gonna get us
to talk about that Madrid there you go
we talked about it I I do think it'd be
fun to talk about Tyler won a little bit
I'm down to talk about t1 there's some
there's some show much stuffing tire but
we also talked about just like the
like show like in Oakland and that's if
people want to talk about like whatever
yeah yeah yeah we missing anything okay
all right yeah go ahead provide it
oblique alvey's got more saline adjusted
mark go ahead and explain all right so
in twitch chat right now I'm spamming
the link to the discord what you're
gonna want to do is click that and join
up once you get here you're gonna want
to join blood calls or plug calls too
you can mute yourself once you're in
there you don't make lists and other
people breathing and then in the pleb
topics you're gonna go ahead in the text
channel post what you want to talk about
and make sure you are a little
descriptive of what it is you actually
talk about don't just say I want to talk
about the finals say I didn't see and I
really underperformed I think they're
better than they showed and then we can
talk about that so go in there post your
topics your takes whatever it is you
think you want to talk about I'll be
looking through if I like your topic
I'll pull you into the waiting-room
voice channel where you should then
unmute yourself when it's your turn I'll
come in I'll do a quick audio check to
make sure everything's working before I
pull you into the on-air room and it'll
be here talking with us and if you are a
sub by the way you can gain access to a
sub chat channel with topics that moves
a little bit slower so it gives you a
bit of an advantage over the other folks
but isn't necessarily guarantee that you
get pulled we don't really try to pull X
number of subs every night or anything
except but you know just make sure that
you're synched up there and then it's
one reason to throw 7 Hey also people if
you want to have a conversation there is
text channels below to have
conversations and try and keep the plug
topics channel full of actual topics and
less about other responding to people's
conversations yeah you can make money
Pro Co regardless I have my first caller
who I absolutely want to pull you once
I'm looking go for it
perfect do you want to go grab them or
you I grab em well let me let me build
up a couple other people before Kelby
what's up I know Peter missed you last
night
well I'm I don't know what to say I
heard the rumor the rumor is I don't
know if I should should be saying this
but the final bill at the teamliquid
dinner somewhere between six thousand
seven thousand dollars that's really
that bad that's not nearly as bad as I
expected did you hear about like teams
who like when when the Bruins won the
Stanley Cup they got like a single
hundred thousand dollar bottle of
champagne oh no I mean I know bro
players would have drank that I'm just
saying like that's when I hear like
extravagant celebrations that's like the
kind of stuff I think about different
kinds for context teamliquid went to the
best steakhouse in all of San Francisco
last night and the most expensive one so
the fact that they went out of there
with like a 7 K bill I think is a big
win for Steve I would take that back to
the board and be like aside from the
fact that we three Otzi nine we went to
Alexander treated the entire team walked
out with less than a 10k bill you're
welcome I'm thinking about the economics
of this team we spent all our money on
the roster we cannot buy you nothing
over 16 ounces that was yeah because
they're all eating Wagyu if you're
ordering like 16 ounces of Wagyu holy
boots it's a lot of money yeah I got
some people I'm ready some I think
there's at least one or two vegetarians
in the twitchchat that are not happy
with this conversation
mark is they're not happy with the fact
that people consume meat hmm mark is
grabbing our first caller right now a
couple shout outs thank you - where were
we
Gladius lips laziness mr. Fixx
dad earth kept a septic roba roto Dom
avoid one rule REE subbed and we got our
first caller in I'm the one who knocks
house gone yeah you are you've been on
the show before yeah I my name changed
I want a while ago talking about
reckless okay well welcome back thanks
for being a twitch sub what do you want
to talk about on the show tonight so
yeah I wanted to talk about Oh got
something very important I got
distracted where are you calling from
I'm calling from the Bronx in New York
very good okay cool you want to talk
about sorry and go ahead yeah I wanted
to talk about like 100 thieves in there
like suspect roster management and how
like the last two their last two matches
of the playoffs the way they shuffled on
the roster really didn't make any sense
at all
for one lady they sub out Cody Sun for
like their most important match of the
season in the semis and then they let
him they let Ricardo just get slammed by
double if the entire series and then in
the next series against TSM where car
actually plays well game 1 and then they
bring in Cody Sun who they play Tristana
before games mark you're exactly you're
like really excited about this do you
want you wanna any final thoughts one
who knocks before we I unleash marques
ever been on this topic yeah like so
what we're led to believe by the by what
had happened leading up to that series
is that Cody was benched for arguing
with or or select something with the
coaching staff so he was benched because
they thought he wasn't the best option
or he's toxic or whatever or whatever
we're led to believe
and then for if you're trying to get
that point across like oh you can't act
this way if you want to be on this team
and play and then you bring him back
after his replacement plays well that
actually just makes no sense all right
Marcus this is like a I assume that this
is the ranch you would want to give him
the blame game or in a hotel topic and
this is here well it's a little weird
because they did win with Recaro so like
what I'm about to say doesn't quite hold
the punchiness yeah and by the way Peter
thought agreed with the assessment that
her car played well in that series this
weekend yeah I thought he played really
well in Game one you know he flashed
like he wasn't just sitting there
getting carried he flashed in and did
damage and stuff like that so I thought
I thought he was looking pretty good but
the reason that he started and then they
swapped over Cara and I was or - Cody
Sun I was able to talk to some people
but in the know wow this habit
this is the third week in a row where
Martinez dropping some knowledge what do
you like I actually this I could do this
almost every week but like well it's I
think it's great for viewership so I
have no problem with it yeah that's why
I started doing our own personal
viewership and not because sometimes I
think orgs get away with fuck-ups that
players don't get away with so here we
go I heard that they submitted their
roster late and the way it works is if
you don't submit your roster in time it
will default to your previous week's
roster and that is the only reason
Ricardo started Game one interesting
wait that's so much worse you have to
you're suppose I write you're supposed
to submit I think I I think it was Paul
Beltre said in the interview I did with
him last week that it's 8:30 the night
before that you submit rosters I'm not
sure the exact deadline but yeah that's
that's what happened and then you won
the game and then they swap back to Cody
how confident are you this the rumor
mill are you are you like really
confident this is what happened I I'm
pretty confident I spoke I didn't get
this well I don't want to say who I talk
to you but sure this way you feel
confident in your sources I'm pretty
confident in my sources this time I
reckon all right that's interesting yeah
yeah that's yeah that's that's not good
okay one they was yeah those are those
good says but they would have been an
absolute disaster and I would blast them
for it
I think you can still get upset but it
wasn't like at least it didn't cost them
the series as I guess I'd say I was
going
Ocoee no a bind can wait but they what's
weird about this is not only did it end
up being disaster but being fine for
them oh let me just say this to you cuz
yeah this is important I don't get I
don't use any information I get through
riot channels so like I go out and get
this this information so okay I just
wanna make because some people care
about that they think like
oh I'm paired up with rye and that's
where I hear all this stuff it's not
it's a mark bomb can we use that or is
it better if we use like no I don't
really want any we call it a simmer can
I like shimmer we just call it a info
not any fucking cheesy ass name oh yeah
just got Zim Thunder teeth okay it's
been real Travis all right
what does Zimmer people say alright
regardless so so so they they start with
Cara and he does well why not leave him
in I don't think they practice very much
with him I'm not sure actually actually
I should say I'm not sure why they did I
think they just wanted to use Cody and
they thought he would have a better
chance of winning I don't know the whole
thing is weird
yeah I thought for like strategy
purposes Recaro was actually a better
matchup first bed and then Cody would be
for double if like because savanna and
myth you are like known for being a Bali
and that doesn't really make mistakes
but they don't really try to punish you
for your mistakes
Wow ricotta and Cody is one of those
guys that tries to like gain advantages
through a lane and then cascade that
pressure throughout the game so like had
they just played with Ricardo and of
player who's just gonna be like safe and
also match spinning him if he's like
level of I'm not making any sense right
now I think I know what you're saying is
yeah it's just a better matchup for a
car like for mg and and myth you who
aren't gonna like punish him for
mistakes especially icon in a big like
stressful situation like playing on
stage at Oracle Arena yeah I think I
mean like I definitely agree that if
you're gonna put in a young player
putting him into doublelift is probably
gonna be yeah it's gonna be a rough time
being spin are the best in the west
yeah they're good do you don't I'm not
gonna shady just they're just not lame
dominant like they're not shit on you
and Lane and turret at 10 minutes so
like if
for Cara had some strengths because I
don't think it was laning like I don't I
think maybe I can serie coming for her
son and Miffy make more sense but that
kind of goes back to what you open this
up with with like potential being more
of a disagreement with coaching staff
and it was like we're gonna sit you like
who knows what what really happened for
the initial decision to sit Cody all I'm
saying is that coming into this series
whatever punishment was it was supposed
to be or whatever the reasons are those
reasons were not the reasons that Riccar
started in in this series so there was
an interesting thing that happened
before that series I was while streaming
from the tailgate and riot has started
to do this thing I actually think is
really cool unfortunately they didn't do
it on the second day where they do like
a red carpet entrance we're like fans
all line up next to the red carpet and
media are invited to like come talk to
the players as they're coming up and I
go up to Cody's son and no one knew if
he was starting or not yet or what the
deal was
and I said hey Cody are you excited to
be at Oracle Arena and I like quickly
because I started to say like are you
excited to play today and I was like oh
I shouldn't say that so I was like are
you excited to be here at Oracle Arena
or whatever and he just looked at me for
a second and then said I'm excited to
sub or something like that and so I mean
people could go back and find the
footage but that was like what he said I
was like oh okay and then like you know
twitch ads just like leaked leaked
leaked leaked leaked and so now sort of
having that context I wonder what that
conversation with like you know assuming
marks sources and it seems like he's
pretty confident in this like it it must
have been interesting the night before
you go to coding you're like hey you
know how we like whatever we solved
everything we screamed with you all week
paperwork issue we're gonna come in a
game too you know
that must be what's that you think they
would share their fuck up well I think
their own town knows I don't think okay
yeah I think they would share I mean I
mean normally the teams are not great at
like hiding that stuff from players
anyway so
and I think a player would be more angry
if he found that finds out later on or
something I assume they would share I
don't know well I know they're sure
eternally they're not gonna share
publicly though yeah I'd figure like
players who like in free agency you are
looking at 100 thieves and they're not
looking at it as a free agent
destination really oh this is the team
this is the kind of team I want to play
for as opposed to like a TSN or Team
Liquid now 100 teams doesn't look good
like on the player management side right
now even though they've been six like
relatively successful this year
I mean Kelby this was your rant about
the media saying a while ago I remember
on a hotline league at the beginning of
this split you went on a rant about how
teams almost also have kind of a brand
associated like there's a brand to the
RA but those are the brand amongst the
pro players and that you at the time
we're concerned that the way hundreds he
had handled the media saying signal to
other Pro players that one hunter T was
not as not as in line they were not as
player focused being player focused
being pro player focused the players on
their team yeah well sorry to be to be
clear I was saying like if all of the
information we were given was true and
the side of the argument was presented
that that is the risk that they could
run I don't necessarily think that this
means that although that like 100 T is
not a desirable location for talent
based on what we've heard so far like
the the pro players will have a much
better understanding of that and like
there's so much more the factors in
aside from like this guy was benched or
not benched for this reason or that
reason it's like a coach and like
obviously there's there's compensation
what's the environment like and all that
stuff I was just gonna say I feel like
for all the things that a hunter T has
done right and I think they are the best
org that has come into the league so far
as far as the new teams in my opinion
they're the most interesting to me and
they're the one that I like the most I
think the one area they can definitely
shore up on is what their player
communication is like and their
messaging around how their players are
talking about roster moves publicly like
because there was there was the media
situation there was the Cody Sun
situation and then there's Cody Sun
again tell
you in line I'm excited to sub yeah
which is not something that I would be
happy about as a general manager I would
yell at Pierre if he did that shit Peter
would never get cept but in this crazy
alter in that alternate universe you
submit your roster late
I never submitted a roster late but you
know mistakes do happen and I was I was
good when we went into this thing I was
gonna say man I feel like 100 T does not
do a lot of great messaging around their
roster decisions but if you submit your
roster late that's not something where
you're gonna come out and say well we
don't this is what happened
honestly policy I remember there was a
rumor way back when that like winter fox
had to play oh the yellow Pete game I
remember hearing the yellow Pete's last
game I think he played on winter fox was
because they hadn't submitted the
paperwork to sub in a different player
that week or something and so they they
ran yellow Pete that weekend or on that
one day or something so up there with
winter Fox for victory on this one I I
don't know I got a couple yeah I want to
say has definitely made roster
exceptions in the past for people
submitting shit lei didn't like all this
stuff - yeah I don't know I obviously
it's changed now and it's good where
they're stricter about it but I know for
a fact yeah there's stuff in the past
where I like yeah you know if nobody's
gonna complain about it you know like
it's fine just let it happen
sure the one thing I will say about this
is I think he'll be kind of mention it -
I don't want there to be this perception
that like because I think I saw this a
little bit on the look there's like a
reddit thread last week or maybe the
week before that this show is just all
about shooting 100t first off the show
is all about shooting on either fly
quest or TSM depending on the week so
it's not hundred two secondly I think
there's a lot of things 100 T has done
really well it just it's
that in the last couple of weeks we've
seen some pretty big missteps or some
pretty big head scratchers I think
that's one of the frustrating things for
me is that you end up in these head
scratching situations and there's just
no information out there right like yeah
that we don't we don't really know what
happened with Cody son before we don't
know why this stuff happened this
weekend maybe it's they don't want to
communicate it but like you've been fans
are left in the dark so frequently about
those things it's it's really hard to
understand the reasoning so yeah at
least like people you know got upset at
cloud 9 for the way that they revealed
their roster change information but at
least we had information to go off of
yeah you know and I think that that led
to a situation where now by the end of
the split we have benching memes at
finals that were actually like really
really funny and is now like a Content
and joke but you like you can only
create that narrative and turn that
around back positively for you if there
is something to build a narrative from I
think as well like a hundred thieves
they get a ton of praise like they've
been up and down with the community like
it first was like oh my god this name so
dumb and then it's like but their merch
is swaggy and then they're winning and
we like them a lot and they're cool and
they have an awesome talk series and
they got a ton of credit for that and
now like yeah the pendulum has kind of
swung swung back did these I mean I
assume the heist came out I missed it
cuz I was in Oakland
I mean I watch it but I assume the
highest came out from this past week I
don't know if anybody caught it I may be
twitch I can explain it if we missed it
but I wonder how they addressed it is
from this weekend is already out no no
from sorry from from the initial record
Cody sensing right from the South yeah
they didn't put one out they didn't mmm
haven't put one out in like two weeks
well so there's also that I don't know
if you saw the Twitter argument I got
into there's that whole thing with Gabe
yeah
did you see that that was that was so
sad no what happened basically like on
the dive we were talking about how a lot
of the team Doc series that started
coming out on Saturdays which we were
saying is like not as good because
people have time to like
process and watch and like get the
context because there's games that we
that day anyways like yeah now you
shouldn't really team doc stuff on the
weekend right exactly it's pretty common
sense we're saying that that's been
happening a lot and then we were joking
like oh maybe because they're doing that
and if trying to like hide it Gabe
you know through a barback like just
kind of joking around like yeah dude
that's totally why and not because like
it's a lot of fucking work and yada yada
yada yeah and then he said like it's
it's the rare exception and it's so he
and I kind went back for close like it's
not the rare exception it actually
happens the vast vast majority of the
time you like you guys are one in five
and your last five and TSM 0 and 5 and
then like a bunch of other people jumped
into the conversation who then made like
really weird points like I thought
matcom had a weird point where it's like
shouldn't criticize art or something and
I was like what are you I love back on
dude yeah yeah so I don't know it was it
was just like this conversation that's
filed really out of control and no one
was like me like myself included like
not making any good points and then nice
it was a mess for retweets I definitely
I definitely was a mess in there too
like I'm not looking at that
conversation like I'm pretty happy with
how I handled that one yeah nice
regardless that's that's weird to me to
realize that they have their show on
hiatus like you're in playoffs
why is your Jonas and and I like I love
Gabe he's he and I literally he was my
roommate for over oh yeah that's the
other thing too is like I dunno Gabe
pretty well and I obviously love his
work and like breaking point oh that's
why is your show - yeah I don't know
like it's the it's this high point of
the year like yeah people are asking
questions and you're just you you throw
everything on hiatus it feels like the
perfect way to just dodge drama I forget
how they handled the media spawn but I
feel like they skipped a week then -
maybe I'm wrong it was the same thing
they skipped like a week or so and then
they had nadeshot like come in and do an
interim like this is what happened
bah blah blah blah and here's our the
new episode of the heist yeah doesn't
doesn't sound good
yeah that's just uh that's weird anyway
thank you so much for calling in them
I'm the one who knocks
no problem woman by HP thank you thank
you so much have a good one on topic
yeah um all right couple more shout outs
I think we can do one more :
you want K yeah who's next no yeah I'm
keeping an eye on the time oh where are
we where are we were are we
Rotom avoid one Berserker calling China
unlucky you got a sub no sir
Sicilian duration ville Sen 2060 reset
for two months
eat me timeless Herodotus who gifted us
up to five people by the way right now
September you can if you get if you have
if somebody has gifted you a sub in the
past and I'll and linger on my stream
you can reset for a dollar it's kind of
a cool deal baby kangaroos gives us up
too you know I see DOM is here I see
what is IC eSports we're Illinois
College okay yeah so you are you know
trying to talk to you here but you do
have it in your your title your are you
a competitor at Illinois College yeah
yes well more importantly you're at
which some of the channel so thank you
for that
where are you calling from I assume
Illinois yeah Jacksonville Illinois well
at least you got the team to plan what
do you want to talk about on the show
tonight so I want to talk about how Team
Liquid will be anaise best performing
team and team and read like world
history okay damn do you okay so I mean
a semi finals appearance
why don't you yes I think so yeah so my
friends what thanks explain explain to
me all right
so out of like every na team like we
just put super stars next to Superstars
and it doesn't create a cohesive unit
and Team Liquid put super stars that go
together like are like Team Liquid is
based around like very strong team
fighting like everyone plays like the
top side enough can play role play
like Oh belts are exiting impact are all
like really good role players and like
are superstars in their own ways and
they can all play around double IFFT who
is the greatest any player of all time I
feel like what a sense and I feel like
that combination can has never happened
in any history so like poker if you have
more like I was just gonna say like when
people are saying 2016 TSM what's the
best roster just it was just five
superstars for the month right
so what the cohesive so you mentioned
that this is the first time in all
history that right that na has sent a
team like this to worlds we sent these
three guys two worlds of 2015 and they
lost to Brazil well I would say was the
roster darshan and then f remember yeah
I mean impact is I think far like worlds
way better than darshan like at least in
2015 standards like 2015 darshan is
nowhere comparable to 2018 impact and I
think Olli
well like double if that for me were
comparable to how like good Olli is with
doublet right now so I mean do you think
that 2015 I mean I this is kind of weird
question but like it the brought the
mark are you talking to your cat I'm
just looking at him okay saw your lips
moving I don't know what's coming nice
trinket and okay that that argument
though if you feel like aphromoo and in
LA very similar to each other or like at
least their value in the bot lane a
similar and the one thing is like impact
that's different here it just it makes
me nervous because I don't know if like
I feel like 2015 CLG who I think went
like they just bought about they've lost
all their second week I think and and
then lost in the tiebreaker to like I
don't know if that that's I just I worry
that this is the same thing people lost
their mind about TSM last year right
they're like oh they're so dominant you
know like and then they go to Worlds and
all the Korean players say and I believe
this by the way I don't I don't think
this is a thing where it's like oh
people need to figure out there's a
difference between what Koreans say and
what they mean I do believe that like
TSM and these these na teams do show up
in scrims I just worry that they don't
show up at Worlds and that we're gonna
end up in the same situation where we
see them like clear out cloud 9 and
everyone's riding high on the Team
Liquid train and then you know the
expectations are so high and it just
ends in ended playing out that way I'm
gonna add is that like these players
have been like most of them have been
playing like like bull boats or
doublelift and xmithie like they have so
much experience together and that just
kind of helps them like be much more
like a cohesive unit like the macro
games that they were playing in the
finals just completely outclassed c9 who
seemed like they had a pretty good macro
game in the semifinals for the most part
and TL just completely outclassed them
because of how cohesive they are as a
unit yeah all right that's for mark or
Kelly what do you guys think I think I
can understand the point about like
having a very very defined play style
and the benefits of that but I disagree
with the idea that that's not what's yes
m6 2016 had to like they literally did
the same thing every single game we're
like Peter played Lucien and then Sven
and Vieira got mid priority and they
Roman doe fought Lane and ended the game
at like 25 minutes by like just abusing
that and so I think that you know both
those teams have pretty clear ways that
they played the game and that team
didn't work because doublet couldn't get
his difficult advantages in bot lane and
beer couldn't roam as easily and like
you know this this thing that they did
over and over and na it doesn't work
because they're up against tougher
competition I do think that this team is
a better macro like mid to late game
macro team maybe with smithy and impact
and pobelter and stuff but I also I
don't think there is explosive so I'm
I'm not with you on the
great esteem and a is a percent but I
think I don't think they're like some
people were saying that this is the
weakest team you've ever sent I don't
agree with that either I think I think
they're kind of in line with a lot of
the number one seeds we send yeah I just
worry I mean mark tell me if I'm wrong
here that like it seems like they really
play through doublelift
and I feel like if somebody can just you
know I don't know that might win you na
I don't know if it gets you far at
Worlds as if you're you're reliant on a
single point of entry into their base
like I mean my what I would say is like
the problem that any runs into every
time it's not like that
oh man this one play style that we used
is super exploitable it's like well
you're just not good enough because like
there's plenty of teams that win with
one play style like RNG right like they
pretty much play around Newseum it's the
uzi show and they win all the time and
stuff like that so I think to me the
problem is not that like oh man 2016 TSM
fell apart because they played through
double if then doubles couldn't get the
leads and so there was a it was a bad
decision to have that play so I'm just
like well they had a pretty tough group
I guess and then they couldn't get
things going and they choked a little
bit so I don't know yeah yeah I I
personally feel like this team is on par
with a lot of the number one seeds like
you guys said I don't think it's like
any better or any worse I think that na
is issue in particular with the the
teams and not saying that like Peter is
the issue but the teams that Peters been
on which is like all the number one
seats the past couple years have been
the team's that Peters been on is that
they underperform in their their group
matches I think that those teams could
have easily made it out of groups this
team can easily make it out of groups
some of it depends on draw the large
amount of it just depends on you
performing when it matters in especially
in like the big deciding games and then
as far as like actually doing better
than any na team and making it to semis
I feel like that's pretty rng based
which is to say you avoid RNG in
quarters and you avoid the Korean teams
and quarters and you get a reasonable
matchup to actually make it to SEM RNG
base yeah orangey yes there we go
yeah I one thing I get us gave me hope
is that the last episode of squad which
I didn't watch but that demon is doing
everything in our twitch chat to get
people to watch right now is it was a
lot about like the mental fortitude that
they tried to build into the team I
think and and Steve brought this up in
his interview on stage with Avila
afterwards and that they spent a lot of
this split just trying to make sure that
the team could be cohesive work well
together overcome issues overcome nerves
and that is interesting to me
Kelby because you you mentioned like you
mentioned this like what is the major
failure of any teams in the past you
feel like it's that the underperform
that like they fall apart
Reggie's tactic in in tackling like why
haven't we been succeeding was to try to
build a stronger team of players Steve's
tactics seemingly after MSI not before
but I think after MSI seems to have been
okay if the international failures
because were underperforming because
there's like a mental issue there let's
solve that problem and see how we do so
I do think it will be very interesting
to see how that tactic plays out right
like yeah how are these guys gonna be
way better because it's not just that
they're getting our class upset they've
been getting you know mentally leave
this just fall apart at the seams
everybody plays worse and now are
they're gonna be okay
mark any thoughts
I kind of agree I think what often
happens with especially TSM is like the
pressure does get to them where they're
like na s hope ramp that kind of
happened I think it at MSI all and stuff
and like you know we talked about having
stronger mental fortitude and that's
that was Steve's approach but until I
see it I'm gonna hold my tongue because
I could easily see it again where people
are like pooh-poohing hundredth uses to
to see the three seeds gonna look pretty
weak I mean even if it's c9 which is
what fans would be most hype for the
fact that they got crushed by TL in the
finals will make everyone looking at TL
again to be the hope and saviors of n8
lifts our Superman he's our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ and that puts a lot
of pressure on the team in him and I'm
concerned that you know despite what
mental fortitude training stiva strategy
done in the last three months it won't
make up for five years of what's already
happened or maybe he will have the
golden glue effect which is like you're
in this situation where it's gone wrong
for you so many times you just come
through the other side like I don't give
up I don't feel pressure anymore I know
what this failure tastes like I'm not
worried about it I mean he becomes
golden God I think like do you guys
think the expectations for TL is lower
than like in previously years for number
one seeds high person at you for sugar I
don't the problem is I don't know if
they have lower expectations and that
might be what matters the most is that I
actually and and you're calling in right
now and saying they're the best team
ever right like you you you are proof
that maybe the expectations are not
lower I think for NA is a region they
are across the board a little lower
after that happens almost every year you
know it's just like slowly to listen
alright that's that'll be the case until
I do my first interview with a Korean
player who says well I think team liquid
is a contender to win all of worlds this
year and then and then it'll go up so
table subreddits I need to make sure you
don't get to Korea and interview these
people people will you can't build the
hype yeah I'm the reason I'm holding any
back at Worlds we figure it out
so in the past I've tried to crowdfund
to go to these events
this time I'm holding you guys hostage
North America I'll be crowdfunding the
opposite give me enough money and I will
stay home and not cover worlds and the
team will succeed I'm I've been the
problem hey thank you so much I see Dom
for your call
have a good one all right I think it's
time for a quick chat about speaking
speaking of support wash out at OMA by
HP they've been our sponsor for the show
for quite some time beginning at the
beginning of this year last world's they
hooked bread and I up with some gear so
that we could get the work done over
there
we needed to get done and speaking of
gear that they too stole my backpack
because I brought it with me to uh
Oakland but they sent me a new 15-inch
laptop this is a just came out recently
really really slim and nice fantastic
for travel did you say fifteen inches
yeah it's the omen 15 Oh so it's so it's
one Travis its the omen 15 and I don't
appreciate dick jokes during my sponsor
ass spots are at my bad kelvil a sponsor
expert he's great at sales and
deliverables if you'd like to work with
them - what you need to do not helping
my stuff right now what you need to do
is talk about the size of the Mike's
Subs sandwiches and compare them 12-inch
table right here regardless it's three
inches short of a Travis yeah
regardless I really appreciate their
support as much as I resent Kelly's anti
support of this show and and they've
been doing some great stuff in the space
for quite some time I I've seen a lot of
people tweet and a reach out mentioning
that they have really purchased omen
keyboards if purchased omen hardware
that stuff is so wonderful and helpful I
really appreciate it
I just got to say thank you to all of
you for supporting omen support of this
show and again thank you so much to omen
for supporting hotline League and the
content that create their fantastic
group of people over there
moving on we got another caller coming
up and I want to say by the way I didn't
interrupt the last call but we hit a
thousand subs on this channel which is
quite yes so I my previous cap right
before MSI was 800 like right around the
time that I was trying to get folks to
help send me to Emma site we went up to
800 you know about a month ago we
dropped down like
hundred or something like that but with
all the IRL streaming I was doing this
weekend there were a ton of people that
came in a lot of people gifting a lot of
people saying sup so thank you guys so
much for that is actually very helpful
and that that type of stuff that goes to
unspun surd content our content that
cost more than you know maybe the
production costs are pretty expensive
sometimes we don't completely cover it
playmakers by the way is a great example
of a piece of content that was not
sponsored at all but did cost quite a
bit of money to create so I want to
appreciate or thank you guys all I've
been waiting for mark to move to the
other channel and get the next caller Oh
what I said I said at the end of the ad
I was like and we're ready for the next
caller so I was talking about watches
it's ok sorry I'm on I'm on reddit cuz
of course that gets clipped you know
yeah yeah are you oh you're in there
like doing the the back pillow uh no no
someone was like I'm surprised mark is
abusing his Riot position like this this
is fucked up oh yeah I was like I don't
use this if it's right exclusive
knowledge I don't use it ever yeah mark
come on what's a go unless I got the OK
by them which is almost never and so
regardless I'll always get it somewhere
else
yeah if so then this guy says you know
the only way the only people who know
about this would be 100,000 right staff
and that's like wrong around you
wouldn't believe how loose-lipped the
scene is yeah because by the way there's
probably a lot of people at 100 thieves
and riot that are upset about this stuff
or think it's stupid about very good at
keeping a secret right like well it
doesn't have to be that I mean the fact
that mark knows about it is example of
that no I just mean like 100 I don't
because this is gonna kind of if I say
too much I'll reveal who I say sure sure
sure
but like people talk you know yeah
always has been the case people like
when I was on curse and Team Liquid we
would try and limit like what was
happening with us we had plenty of holes
when I was up there so yeah yeah sorry I
got a little distracted next caller
yeah marks marks comment by the way in a
situation like this I'll ask people on
the scene do you know why we're cars
starting who they were screaming with
this week why didn't they go back to a
car etc and that's how find out about
this information so but again back to
the subs by the way again we
thousand thank you so much dad rs45 subs
baby kangaroos for gifting - unit y -
Zito docks Oh sir malefactor gifted a
subsistence pyar slim sillim sent a
hundred bits Kevin's Murray two months
Kurata her if Supreme Court tubes blue
eyes Tim Tam BIM BAM syndra 96 consulate
64 easy bake it up is here I don't know
what that's supposed to reference I'm
not gonna ask you know those Easy Bake
Ovens yeah yeah yeah that's Rossum time
he's baked it up man okay good good call
what where you called from from the
Detroit area Detroit area all right I
was just in Detroit as I was driving out
to Battle Creek Michigan a while ago Oh
wonderful yeah what do you want to talk
about in the show tonight yeah so it
kind of goes along with that you guys
are just talking about but I think that
the na fan reaction to performance has
had a pretty significant impact on their
performance internationally speaking the
last few years and do you guys follow
traditional sports at all no yes I do
all right yeah okay so I'm a die-hard
Lions fan from the Detroit and they just
lost 48 17 tonight and I saw them get
torn up on Twitter and it really got me
thinking about just how Fairweather fans
were down on teams because like I
attended the owen 16 game back in OE and
people were in bags on their head and
you can't expect the guys to win you
know you can't expect them to win if
you're gonna dog and them like that and
I think the same thing applies to
eSports as well because you've seen
players like I mean I don't want to pick
on people like Olli but when they're in
stronger pants yeah they do perform a
lot better and I think they're shifting
to my instead of like shitting on our
teams whenever they're doing bad maiming
the hell out of them to you know
supporting them when they are down
helping them recover because you know we
are human at the end of the day
regardless if they're getting paid to do
this or not just really will help them
with her success and especially
internationally when they do have the
pressure and I think you guys mention na
is only hope you know it kind of helps
them avoid that mental degradation and
I'm just curious what you guys think
regret about that players need to stay
off social media at all costs and teams
need to do a better
job enforcing it when we were doing the
dota bootcamp eg went through I'm gonna
make a dota analogy but something we
talked about eg went through a year this
year where they have historically their
dota roster has been like the most
beloved in the space by far and this
year they got they became like the most
hated team in the league they became the
the villains like infamous or very
polarizing right and it's very very
difficult I think when you have players
who have been loved for such a long
period of time to suddenly be like the
villains in a scenario so we tried to
really seriously enforce you know people
not going on social media because twitch
chat just becomes toxic and I think yeah
especially for somebody like la where
you have the MSI situation or even like
you know like I imagine it's hard for
people who have memorable names like
Cody Sun and stuff when the shit goes on
like you you need to do everything in
your power to be really serious about
keeping your players off social mobility
talked about that and the in the right
interview at the end he talked about how
he came back from MSI and his
performance was poor at the beginning of
the split because he saw everybody
talking about how like all the other
teams sent people like I don't know like
all these all-star mids and they like
and then in a simple Beltre he said that
really got to him and that that lowered
his performance and so I I hear you on
that I don't know if it's gonna change
but I do hear the call for it being a
good one
easy-bake it up yeah you're you're never
going to change the audience they will
never stop shitting on people when they
fuck up and stop making jokes like it's
it's a really nice sentiment and it
would be really great if you like if we
lived in this fantasy world where we
could rally an entire fan base to always
be positive little flowers about our
players and you know always like be
super supportive and like it's okay
zix the draft to go better next week
like you know link like it's okay you
know like it's it's a bad anivia game
those things happen you'll get them next
time buddy but that's never going to
happen
be there the onus falls on the org and
the players to police themselves about
staying away from
that negativity all right so on the one
hand like I'm one of those people who's
like yeah move the needle though like it
should be encouraged and we should talk
about and be like everyone the two
thousand people in twitch chat when when
TL goes and lays a turd out in the first
game of worlds don't go on reddit and
say we're fucked
yeah put the pressure on them don't do
it
you think it's fine to say that I'm more
like yeah dumb people aren't gonna hear
that message virus and some people
aren't and let aquel B's point like a
lot of it comes down to the pros and
it's just how it works because part of
the fan experience is having that kind
of cathartic release of like we just
fucking lost or we just won and going on
reddit instantly being able to spill
your emotions and I would never want to
cut that part of being a fan off because
I think it's so integral to to being a
fan yeah yeah alright I think it's
interesting so one thing that's funny is
we were talking to a caller a little bit
ago and that the conversation res around
is it good
the expectations are low for na and then
there's not too much pressure and the
assumption of course being that if
there's like too much support and too
much expectation that the team will
suffer but now we're talking about a
separate thing which I'm not saying is
wrong that if there is too little
enthusiasm or too much doubt within the
team or suffer it is the second thing I
think it's very funny I for a long time
I've heard about how in the is it LPL or
lck I think it's lck but I originally I
thought it was helping one of the two
there's a fan meme I think it's helpful
now I think there's a fan meme called
poisoning the milk where you you
intentionally shit-talk your players
ahead of time because you think you were
going to jinx if you if you believe in
the teams too much you're gonna jinx
your chances so everybody goes on the
forums are like actually Team Liquid has
been really bad I don't think they're
gonna do it there's no way they could do
it it's just not gonna happen and the
hopes that like they're gonna end up in
the house that they're gonna end up
winning so it's oh it's lck apparently
it's a Katy meme or maybe it's both now
who knows but regardless I find that
very
it made me kind of think about this yeah
I can definitely see that for sure
because I mean you see a lot of athletes
that also perform a lot better when they
do have a chip on their shoulder so I'm
not sure if that's necessarily along the
lines of that or if it is just a
superstition thing but yeah I can feel I
guess my call was really about you know
I think you said shifting the needle
kind of you know where can we establish
because I obviously you know Kel be it
like like you said it's not gonna be
everyone you can't take that away from
the fans to have those ups and downs but
establishing a base of people that can
still be there because if you have
everyone against you at the end of the
day it's you know kind of shitty to be a
pro what are you really doing it for
well yeah for sure yeah easy bake it up
thank you so much for your call yeah
thanks guys
mark before you leave I I have this idea
I don't know why I thought about it at
the end of that call but I was I came up
with it on the drive down I was talking
to a Briton about it
and Kelby I'm very curious about your
thoughts what if every week we had a
segment on the show where we targeted a
non-endemic brand like I thought about
this we stopped at Panda Express and
somebody's like sponsored by Panda
Express suddenly and then we we get
everybody on hotline League to tweet at
Panda Express and say you should sponsor
eSports and then the next week we do it
again and the idea is that eventually
Hotline league this show is responsible
for a multi-million dollar deal and you
know I'd of course there's some legal
arguments to be make that you know maybe
we'd all deserve a cut of that deal but
but regardless we'd be able to bring in
some crazy company and we it's just
always fun who are we gonna pick maybe
one week it's Panda Express maybe the
next it's uh I don't know I've always
start with Elon Musk he was there I
don't I feel like that's a he's a let's
let's wait till the news cycle calms
down a little bit on Elon Musk Oh Travis
I appreciate your desire we're gonna do
it cuz he has helped me dope don't you
oh this idea I'm not gonna shit on it
I'm just saying you know like I think I
think your heart somebody says it right
in place
so he says pick Trojan it will never
ever ever
happen but really that makes me waters
right even more if you if you pick a
small enough company fine but you said
non-endemic well all that I mean you
can't pick an endemic they're inherently
in the space yeah but maybe they're not
spending money on this program or maybe
you pick like when you pick a small
non-endemic you know like they're not in
the space but they're not a big company
I'm funny store that might work with
this I forget who it was it was one riot
caster to another
we're like they got ahold of their like
Twitter account and they were kind of
memeing them and they made them follow
like a fuckload of Pizza accounts like
dominos Papa John's like everything
including like they started following
like local ones you know with like no
followers and like okay who it was but
you know they're great reasonably sized
you know like hunter cave Twitter
followers and they fucking like the
pizza place like DM them and they're
like hey to you thanks so much for the
follow we love the LCS you're something
nice so I think we just need to target
local business local non right well I
will say though what I think we're like
one idea that I really like and I don't
consume the products too much somebody
in twitch chat said Wendy's because
they're so active on social media that
if you start like a campaign I mean the
problem is I think you'd have to do it
every week to get them yeah the the edgy
social media intern does not have the
ear of the CMO for Wendy's you the as
much yeah but you gotta assume that
Wendy's pays a lot of attention to their
their social media stuff sure at as much
as I love hot line League we are not a
big enough community to move the needle
for lb says we can't do it yes I do
Calbee agree with me wrong Kelby agrees
with me we should target local
businesses look could we find signs of
music let's find that sushi place nearby
yeah they get over they don't they don't
they'll give you free product you should
name for product let's get some free
product I gave you sushi on air I mean
dinner tonight
you have a system I don't want them to
sponsor us I dollars I'm just really I
want them to come in with a spend on the
LCS or on Team Liquid yes one or
something
come on I'm trying to help your your
make your job easier my job you mean
riots job do you not sell stuff in the I
I know stuff for riot certainly no I'm
saying any of this team okay you know
right you know what you're right let's
go what's the use of it I almost gave
away my thing I do I do to yourself or
Toby I knew you were angling for that I
almost almost gave it away to um yeah so
he says it's City I don't think they
have a ton of budget right now yeah
that's true yeah let's let's take
another color and think about it maybe
maybe on the next call all over after
the next one we will figure it out yeah
Chester come up with a we need like a
middle-sized I don't I want something
that's not local I like more they
they're a chain but they're like smaller
size maybe but I feel like hundred
thieves can already get that you know
but maybe that's the right size maybe
it's like a regional regional sponsor
rather than a the only problem is is
that the way market like we don't hit
regions we hit we hit the world yeah we
do we do and there's me in this color
okay the world of eSports syndrome 96
Thank You console at 64 Jedi Mase who
said double it's just my for other great
snoring I player of all time sent 405
bits I am two hex sent five dollars do
you guys think they should have streamed
the pre-show on day two by Romain it was
epic and it feels like it myself you
know because they were streaming the
countdown instead deadly yet subbed quad
quad demon subbed ribbon shoe reset for
four months Guster for Robin was a
friggin glue synonym in it you guys are
literally just making up names Fez is
here
Fez where you calling from I am calling
from Mobile Alabama Mobile Alabama okay
and what do you want to talk about on
the show tonight I wanted to talk about
it
pretty much you're shitting on TSM
weekly thing basically I was very
personal from the start go ahead though
well I'm actually a hundred thieves and
to be honest but basically I thought
that TSM's performance in the
third-place match was pretty much kind
of like every one of their performances
where they were moreso reacting to
everything than actually being proactive
the whole time and our whole prognosis
was basically let's wait for Kody to
make a mistake after they saw game 3 in
game 4
and it just pretty much it's just pretty
upsetting because a lot of the community
gets really upset at a hundred thieves I
know mark says as well but I really
believe that you know I don't think TSM
would be any more better than 100
thieves at Worlds to be honest with you
and it's I think why a lot of people
think they will be is because it's spend
maybe bjergsen answer it's like the old
success of names is carrying them to
that status yeah I can see where you're
coming from like I didn't walk away from
that
TSM 100 theif Siri like my god TSM
would've been a great representative for
na at Worlds and now but they might not
go you know like I don't think that's
how I felt about that series like it's
sad that TSM they are not Sabbat like
it's both these teams had to fight tooth
and nail for that and it wasn't super
clean what I will say about the
hundredth use point before going back to
TSM is that like the only people 100
thieves have beat when a best-of-five
this this year is clutch and fly quest
and they lost to best of fives and end
up in Worlds and like in a row so like I
understand why people are disappointed
in hundred thieves but at the same token
to your point like TSM is not
functioning well and are in a lot of
ways getting their support off brand
name I actually do agree with that where
it's like we've seen bjergsen and Sven
and mithi at Worlds before and they've
done pretty well so they like you know
we want to see them again
but they don't work as you
right now so if you actually look at
this team you probably wouldn't be
excited about them two worlds so I kind
of agree with with the point at that
point as well I think it's really
foolish to care about any team at Worlds
aside from Team Liquid right now like I
feel to be fair I will say this is the
way I also felt the last two years where
like TSM it felt like there was such a
big gap between them and everybody else
but especially after watching third and
fourth place match and semifinals and
finals it feels like the gap between TL
and the other two teams that are gonna
go to Worlds from North America is just
gigantic and like they're they're the
only team that has like a good shot at I
don't know doing something and for na
the deaf the definition is different
depending on who you ask but for me
doing something is making semifinals and
not making out of groups I don't think
that making groups is doing something
yeah so I feel like TL is the only team
that really right now is showing us that
and everybody else looks so bad by
contrast mark yeah oh good no no you go
I was gonna ask and I know that this is
a little off topic but I feel like we
have to have those discussions sometime
tonight you shut me up if you feel like
you've got another person in the can for
this but is cloud9 as bad as they looked
cuz i actually so I talked I ran into
Jack you weren't there right this was
right before you I think we I see you in
the hotel lobby oh yeah no that was that
I came down late okay yeah Jack was
there and Jack was saying and you know
he's a team owner of course he's gonna
want to say some uplifting stuff but he
was saying look this past week we had
some really shitty scrams
we tried to like really overthink it and
then we were suddenly losing a ton so
then we tried to go back to her
conventional side and we weren't like I
I do feel like especially especially
given that cloud9 beat Team Liquid not
too long ago I know is the best one but
I do feel like cloud 9 is better than
what we saw from them this weekend at
finals and that's part of the reason why
still think they're gonna make it
through the gauntlet and I still think
that they are are if they'll make it
through gauntlet and at least if they
don't look like crap going through it
that they could still be a good team for
us at Worlds well they they can be like
that's happened every year right where
TSM was the favorite and then like
another team actually like came out and
like did a lot better or like but right
now it feels real bad and I don't know
man because like I think I think for
sure cloud 9 obviously could have had an
off series but considering they played
TSM super close and then they got beat
by teal so bad and TSM also played a
hundred tee really close who had just
played clown iron really close and
Hunter T got bopped by TL like it was a
3-1 series but it felt like a really
lopsided 3-1 series in my opinion like I
don't know I I'm just even if even if
teal has a better urge you know has a
better series I feel like teal is
probably a significantly better team
right now yeah so I had a similar
feeling to you Travis was like well they
did beat them twice in the regular
season pretty convincingly and they were
both super hot in the back half the
split and scene I was like the best team
and so I I did ask some people like what
they thought like you know did you think
Tia c9 underperformed in any way and a
lot of people didn't actually think they
underperformed that hard like I think a
lot people expected more out of them but
people were saying that you know these
are other players who have been
screaming both teams or something like
that they were saying like you know no I
actually think just tiel's a way better
team than they are and I think it is
scary going into worlds like if they
qualify the gauntlet that like the
people who seem to do the worst in
playoffs when it mattered the most was
the new guys like blabber has been a
complete non factor in the playoffs
where he was one of the most important
parts of their rise in the regular
season and go linguae had a decent
series against TSM like not great and
then he did not have a good series verse
TL or a good game I guess you know I got
one game yeah so like
I do think that they they're capable of
more and they're capable of better but I
think the reasons that they did not
perform are things that could easily
still be true come Worlds just because
it's like these are really young young
young ass players who are not gonna be
ready for that or probably not going to
be ready for the moment yeah all right I
wouldn't like to say one thing on it if
it's okay of course I think c9 the
problem I think YTL basically bought
them so hard in the finals woods and I
think Jack made a great point of it was
the vision was so good from tal and they
basically countered all their aggression
and they figured out how to do it by
just putting vision in very important
places during certain parts of the game
where they knew c9 would be very
aggressive with their young players and
I also think that a lot of the CBI
excuse me c9 younger players have hit
that wall and their mentality from here
on out is going to be really important
especially in the gamma to your point
fez belts are also kind of said an
interview like after he got slammed by
the school Bros he went and like looked
up they did what they did to him and you
know part of it he was saying was the
match up a part of it was just like well
I studied those games and I looked at
what they tried to do and I was a lot
more intelligent with Smitty about
controlling that stuff and in that
rookie wall that you're talking about is
a very real thing Acadians talked about
it a lot of people have talked about it
so it's it's scary stuff for c9 not
necessarily in terms of qualifying for
worlds I still think they're probably
the favorite but like I'm not going in
with like the kind of typical c9
confidence that we had after years of
impact Jensen sneaky and whoever in the
jungle yeah I think he'll be made a good
point of it too of like TL is like the
pinnacle of what we have right now in na
and and maybe it's nice that the two
teams you know or the one team that goes
out of all the teams in the gauntlet it
may be a pleasant surprise at Worlds we
never know so yeah I think it's also
possible to that TL is just a much
better best of series team and groups is
not best of you know like it's it's a
lot of rapid-fire matches and I think
that it's it's it's very possible maybe
the TL is also just seem that is really
good when they have
time to prep for their series well and
also on the flip side for c9 like if
we're talking about they like they can
be kind of controlled if you know what
they're trying to do and maybe they're
there if you know how to prep for their
drafts and you've been Kendra zillion
and you're smart about this kind of
stuff then maybe they're easily
controlled button the best of one where
everyone's prepping for a lot of games
as well as trying to figure out the
metaphor themselves people and that
might not be 100% ready for Siena and
maybe they're a bit better in that
situation then but look everyone's
talking about whoever it was third has
to play I think as Emily was pointed on
the chat like they have to play in the
gauntlet first or the play ends first as
well whoever comes through the gauntlets
go even if c9 is gonna be better in like
an explosive best of one setting they
still have to play a best-of series to
get there on the international stage
against probably a wild-card region I DC
plugins yeah I mean I that's how
everybody feels but still like they do
the the error component I think of with
a bigger narrative yeah for a team of
success at Worlds hey I want to thank
you so much for calling in Fez yeah
thanks guys for having me keep up the
good work dude thank you take care guys
see ya alright
uh wait I was a game development
reference mark hello what about like
Warby Parker oh they're glasses right
yeah yeah so they're like a
direct-to-consumer brand that now has
some stores open
I can't even a lot of people's a lot of
people were product for me to use this
is an on-air discussion or not I'm full
we're no no we need one for this episode
they're not gonna watch this anyways
I can't endorse a product I don't use
right well we're not endorsing we're
suggesting that they look to find we're
again we're not trying to find hotline
League sponsors we've got a great one
let me throw up their logo on the screen
right now look it's spinning the the but
I do you know maybe they come in I feel
like they're mint here right let's first
off the they're all over us so we don't
have to worry about it being regional
and and then the you know I think it
could work
what updated or knows mark if you're not
if you're worried about as I'm not
getting visibility I'm sure they'll see
it
I also just am NOT excited about it okay
you're you come up with the next one
I said DiGiorno's right now off the top
okay I'm vetoing that with he'll be your
turn it's not delivery its shit Kelvin
I'm just kidding
it's like food that's in my freezer
whatever what I already said what I
already said what's not gonna happen
here
wait don't know you're not you were not
playing the game right that's not your
that's how you play the game you're
supposed to come up with a brand pass
all right which a suggestion Tyler won
what if we got sponsored by Tyler that's
actually such a good idea so it
literally just suggests porn they just
rotate through all the porn porn
websites yes
I mean that could you know that's just a
random one that I threw out there I like
the Tyler one I did guys tweet it Tyler
one and tell them spawn no no no no okay
no don't do that
we I just want a really good
relationship with them I don't know
giving me right now you don't want to
troll them oh I almost spit out my water
all right let's let's move on to the
next caller
okay he loves in Lomo seven months
instead I switched my matters bladder
slider band-aid for you slept in taunt
Antwon and time Samuel loquacious hollow
moon lol Liz have lurin possible katana
robot Russ for ten months
boop-boop-boop sucked soup sushi Maya
muffling puffins damn floor it's crap
jack lacunae craft is joining us laguna
craft i feel like you've been here
before or I recognize you from twitch
chat no it's been around for a long time
okay well welcome happy to have you on
the show thank you
what do you want to talk
but on the show first off were you from
I am from Texas kill Bay Area say
Oakland native were you at the Oakland
native were you at the finals this
weekend yes I actually was I went to
Sunday only like lb yeah not very maybe
wait sorry one more time I was not a
transparently I just said he was looking
for the finals
he only went to the finals like you did
Kelly oh okay yeah okay so look you
craft what do you want to talk around
the show tonight my point was very
simple I any finals was a great event a
great show
it's just most things are rounded just
felt abysmal like there's a lack of food
vendors people were waiting in line for
a long long time at least two or four
people around me to sit around me
straighten up misty games just because
of how long it took to get food
Kelby Travis you want to take this one
Kelby Travis Iowa's at catering
downstairs I had no problem getting food
but yeah I was downstairs in the Crown
Royal Club and in my section I only had
to wait a little bit for food I don't
know but I do not want to I'm confused
what do you not want to talk about
York's because we talked about this at
the event yes why you don't want to talk
because we talked about this but you
were the one that experienced it my
experience was Oh quelle B's at the
front of the line I just walked past
them Kelby can you get me a hotdog I'll
pay him but then I never will so Travis
Travis the the reason that I was
reluctant to share is because you know
last week I was little or last time was
Hansell well I could sell a food better
than riot yeah anyways I was a little
rough on some riders you know and I saw
I saw a rider at the event somebody you
know that I used to see all the time
when I was a manager and I got a hug
from him and I felt like you know maybe
it was not as enthusiastic a hug as I
would have received if you know I hadn't
said all this anyways but yes we did
have the conversation where I was I was
slightly disappointed I guess you could
say that in the entire Oracle Arena for
the main ring which is you know like
where the majority of fans have access
to
there was one food vendor open for
the entire arena and the line was it was
very long sold-out event too so just
like yeah okay you have 8000 some odd
people one food vendor eyes literally
there's some there's someone that what
to go get food at the end of Game one
and to not get back until mid Game three
Jesus so I saw people asking twitch at
so maybe Kelby you can tell me if you
know this people are asking is that on
riot or is that on the arena you know I
actually do not know so I had heard I
heard this I heard that there were a lot
of challenges with the the venue this
time mark I don't know if you heard that
I am actually pretty isolated two things
about the game yeah very much to event
coordinators and stuff in passing I had
heard that the arena was a challenge and
so I don't know if that includes food or
not but I would not be surprised if this
like okay let's be clear here riot has
done some really stupid shit this year
and it's been driving oddly but but I
got imagine they've done enough of these
now that they know to open more than one
food vendor on the main level so I don't
I I'm guessing that was not them that
was the venue maybe they could have
pushed more maybe this is a lesson maybe
there's like a contract that they now
need to make sure the stuff is in
because that's often how a lot of these
things go is like you do the deal and
then you realize like oh wait we didn't
but like I I'm guessing the food
situation was not them though maybe they
could have done more to fix it but where
their merch issues as well lacunae craft
um there was at the very beginning just
because I only saw two merch vendors the
entire time and very beginning they were
just swamped just like the food was so
if you wanted anything if you weren't
there in the first tent like 1500 people
inside the door you just were waiting
for however long took yeah yeah but I'm
rachel says in chat by the way it took
me a whole game to get a bottle of water
yeah say what what I'm really confused
about with the food situation is why I
like I feel like for both parties they
would want more food vendors to be open
like riot obviously wants more food
vendors to be open so that fans can you
know get fed easily and quickly and I
think if I'm the venue I obviously want
more food vendors to be open because it
allows me to sell more product maybe you
have the argument that like well
everybody who's gonna eat is gonna stand
in the line and get food regardless and
like it costs us more to have more staff
to to like you know have different
stands open but like the people who are
working these stands are not getting
paid a ton of money and also I'm sure
that like they the Oracle Arena has been
open enough for a long enough period of
time and they have enough data to say
like with once we hit this certain
number of fans in the venue it makes
sense to open another food stand because
it allows us to be more efficient with
the lines and actually we do see that
like you know somebody looks at the food
line and they say well fucking I'm just
gonna you know not order food cuz I'm
not gonna stand in this line because I'm
sure there's a ton of people that wanted
food and saw that line and we're just
like you oh dude there's there's no way
that I'm saying in this line I would
just eat after the event and then they
the venue misses out on revenue because
of that ride is not taking a cut of the
concessions I'm like 90% sure with their
agreement with the with the venue the
venue is getting that concession money
so the venue is getting the revenue I'm
sure that they want to set that's why
I'm confused like I think both parties
want to sell as much food as possible I
don't get I don't know and to be honest
I did see on Twitter the first day these
sports writer fiona on fire he did
better to mention a few times they
overheard staff talking about why don't
we have more people here why isn't there
more open we are just swamped what is
this so I have no idea I don't know
likes I don't know how to split it just
it seems like a glaring flaw that should
have been fixed way beforehand yeah
unfortunately yeah
it's not an ideal situation
yeah I am sorry I was looking through
fianc tweets to see if I could find it
on Saturday typically yeah it's finite I
believe yeah I mean I just was wondering
if you said anything specific we
appeared pictures of the lines and
they're just wrapped around themselves
almost it was insane oh yeah here we go
lying for food and alcohol at the Oracle
we'll put a little Pitta Street up a
shout-out to be on for this but oops
that's not what I want
title T I want this yeah I I don't know
that was really weird like I I mean riot
say what you will I think they are okay
well I lost it now say what you will I
think that they really do care about fan
experience and they oftentimes will do
more for the fan expel like media will
get the shaft right because like oh this
is bad for me or for fan experience or
sponsors or whatever like the often
times prioritize or they usually
prioritize fan experience over this so I
have assumed I I just want to give them
the benefit of doubt on this one even
though even though it is like obviously
they need to fix it for the future
but it does feel like it's probably a
venue thing Edd's sorry so went out chad
that like after she disposed overs from
a low level the had more vendor that had
less vendor less lines beerus people
wrapped around in a ring would like
caboose aid wrapped all the way halfway
across the stadium it was just I don't
know what happened
yeah a penny on your depending on your
seat section you could get into the use
like special clubs that had their own
dedicated food lines where the lines
weren't as bad but yeah if you had one
of those like more GI tickets you just
screwed for food I don't know I just
you can go tweet at Oracle Arena talking
about tweeting at people Oracle Arena
has a twitter you can hit them up and
ask about it because I just don't know
why that would be the case y know people
that work that work for Oracle and it's
just I asked him about hey I'm go to
this event while I see you working and
they're like uh no I'm working a game
next door
oh yes I mean baby kangaroo says maybe
it's because they had to staff the
Oakland A's game concessions at the same
time ever understand but there's got to
be times where they run both these
things I don't know the value matters we
don't know I don't want to spend too
much time on this longer because it's
just frustrating and shitty and
hopefully where I can fix it in the
future I don't know how but hopefully
they can yes are you experienced at
looking across that sucks oh I feel bad
for all the fans I did yeah and I think
the worst thing for me is just is my
first big league of Legends event and
everything else I was awesome all team
stuff was awesome but just going inside
and seeing I was like okay I can see you
know just Jesus why yeah yeah all right
cool anyway thank Thank You Luke in the
craft safety start for the downer topic
and shout out you ovum by HV and yeah
thank you so much for you having me on
thanks - yeah thanks man okay oh wait do
we have another brand yet any other
suggestions
can we get cat food brand oh oh man
know who follows me is on Twitter and
they have four years so they've followed
me for like four years I don't know why
Tidy Cats tiger-cats Falls eleven
patottie cats Falls 797 accounts alright
it's not like they follow 30,000 or
whatever do you someone didn't know
they're on their corporate account when
they chose to follow you know cuz I've
tweeted I've tweeted about how to tidy
cats follows me and I don't understand
why and then somebody replied and then
Tidy Cats was like memed in response to
it or something like they did and they
they could have unfollowed me two months
later but they've stayed following me
they I don't get it cuz like you don't
even have a tack
I don't yes that's the point yeah like I
don't know 7 or 97 accounts in Tidy Cats
follows me I kind of like their Twitter
feed their cameras the Twitter feed is
great this sounds like destiny should we
shoot the Foley I really look I want to
prove Kelby wrong and I'm not sure if
Tidy Cats is a natural Randall with
these you know how many fucking eSports
people have animals and cats
Kelby
if you have to ditch Tidy Cats what
would your pitch be how would you go
about this twitch chat do you have a cat
press one if you have a cat
Kelpie make the demo I know I wanted a
pug what is the pet one actually you're
talking the tiny cat see mo you got him
you've got it right at the airport look
how many people have fucking cats who
are watching right now yeah
market data so you think oh we've got
market data live for you right now yes
when you're pitching brands without what
I'll traditionally do is I'll look at
their activity and what the brand like
is about and stuff and think like how
does this authentically integrate into
what you know we're doing or what the
property is doing right like how did how
did these guys help each other how they
sync up and yeah I think mark is mark is
going to be the feature of the deck this
shot this shot is the feature makes you
na is shitting the bed out worlds again
will make sure that your cat doesn't
shoot the bed by using Tidy Cats when we
have collars for the like tidy cats is
like you know the litter box stuff right
yes no stinky smell right so we need to
do like we need to have an integrated
portion of our show where like when
somebody has like a shitty opinion or
actually because that's good not gonna
sound great for tidy cats but we put
them in the litter box or something yeah
and the Tidy Cats makes it smell better
we're like yeah mark comes in with the
Tidy Cats clean up or something like
that and it sounds like no this is why
yeah yeah that's great alright so
somebody comes on okay I have a bad
opinion all right and then mark comes in
with the Tidy Cats clean up and set some
straight and sets them on the path to
smelling good or something like that you
have a custom graphic that comes up and
there's a moment there's a sound effect
he pulls the cat up into his arms oh my
god and I haven't shit Tidy Cats you
heard last week from hello Michelle you
heard two weeks ago from Kelby that he
could sell LCS better than Riot you just
figured out why by the way he just
demonstrated it right we gave a little
prompt we gave it up a skewer and that
has though no relevance to eSports
directly and he made it happen
all right I think tiger-cats is in I'm
onboard with this tweet first and we all
retweet it or what yeah yeah I think no
I think we all need I think we need like
a everyone treats them here let's what
if I tweet and people reply to my tweet
now why don't we just have a copy that
we give to twitch Jets so that all then
just copy and paste okay tell me what do
you think what's a good way to get a
break if I have maybe if the the CMO is
a fan or the CMO skit is a fan of mark
see that's usually the best okay no they
haven't tweeted since 2017 somebody says
no I think if you go their tweets and
replies they've been no they tweeted
September 9th they tweeted yesterday
they just haven't had anything but if
you look at their replies a between a
pack of people the the fucking social
media person has the easiest job in the
face of the planet what'd you do today
Timmy why are applied to somebody look
we need this person to be your ally
there I can look at the vaad of this
Kelby right no I think their social
media intern is a genius by the way we
can offer them the much more original
content creation than they're doing
right now they've literally haven't had
a post in almost a full year okay all
right
so what do we what is it what is the
tweet campaign that we're running I'm
putting this on my cast I can screen cap
it send it here no no Kelby I'm asking
you what is the copy that we use for the
street and this is a lot of free
consulting that's happening right now
Travis so many DOTA games what do you do
but you do brain work with brands this
might you might end up I'm doing free
I'm getting you the doorway into the
brand room were you gonna say you're
you're giving me a free something yes
every free exposure free gateway into
this brand Calbee what is the copy what
is thank you
which chat thinks you're a god now so
just oh my god that's funny I come on I
don't have copy for this okay okay we'll
take
the caller when we get back from that
caller we're gonna we're gonna have some
copy
I'm gonna thank you to seemed only six
for the sub I killed the Red Queen Konoe
key Bryce who the zanter senpai please
needle man king Philbin Korean vibes CT
Mason 39 doctor pepperoni and re waddle
Arisa for seven months HP by omen
sponsored by Travis it is omen by HP by
the way but I appreciate the attempt we
got quadrant quad even quad demon on the
show Weidman god that was so that was so
alpha I don't know why it just like it
just said did you just change your game
while I was trying to pronounce it the
case yeah that's
I thought Kade would be easier and I'm
come from Austin Texas okay yeah Tex
indeed okay I don't have you've already
said your name you you tell we're come
from I don't need to take you take it
away dude that's all I'm saying yeah I
just wanted to talk about X smithy and
his career and how I think he might be
behind doublelift in bjergsen probably
the third best player in his head renee
has we just said tied and then you said
third best oh yes yeah yeah my bad wait
he said best jungler - I think yeah best
jungler as well easily anyway so what's
your argument well he can't just hop for
it he's got he's got four titles mm-hmm
he also was part of the 2016 MSI team
CLG which best performance
internationally I just think his his
resume speaks for himself and another
examples like this weekend
look I think he really really controlled
c9 let them do anything he really shows
especially his experience against
younger junglers like he destroys on all
the time he destroyed blabber he'd spin
scarrans not a rookie or anything but
still destroyed him just think he resume
speaks for himself
so I'm working on this tidy cast clean
copy mark so you're in yes sorry I
thought I Kate seems so like he had it
so I just was gonna let him know I think
you go I mean I think it's it's hard to
argue against best jungler yeah you know
like meteos had his time but he's he's
been in and out for a little while now
so I would say Smith you for sure best
ringlets top-three nothing more about
that one
bjergsen doublelift up are pretty
clearly 1 & 2 I get it
in some order maybe we debate more about
that but sure I think who would be 3 not
Biafra with a fro yeah afro was the
first one that came to my mind I think
also like where do you put this is this
might be more controversial but dyrus
for such a long period of time was like
the stable rock in top lane for an a I
know internationally like but dyrus
feels like definitively like best top
laner for such a long period of time
well I would look at some some more
these other guys too like sneaky like as
much as I love some says smithy ever
gotten out of groups
I don't are we using as we are we using
that as any real measurement well I
think it's worth thinking about I'm not
saying I yeah yeah I'm just trying to
come up with other cases like I have to
smooth these won four titles you know
kind of hard to go against that in
anyway yeah but what else would people
say like you know people have had more
success internationally even though you
did have at 2016 msi run I don't know I
would still probably put him number
three yeah I feel like if highs career
was long a little bit longer yeah
because he was so instrumental and I
think also if meteos is like high period
had been longer because I think for like
a peak jungler like he was more dominant
for a pretty good period of time than
any jungler has ever been in any before
like meteos was fucking so good
for like a for like three splits where
it was like super insane absolutely
though number three but yeah the tougher
debate now might be bearish their double
if one or two yeah I think that next
year is going to be rid this is not your
topic at all color but I think next year
is going to be really really interesting
for the one into discussion between
Peter and and burek because I think that
probably right now you still have to go
bjergsen but I think next year if who if
one of them wins like two and the other
one doesn't win any then it's that
person if they both win one then yeah
but maybe Peter wins MVP it's it's very
interesting but I think afro afro is
probably like the guy who's contesting
big smoothie for number three you think
that's just like most sticking out in my
mind I would say it's between afro and
sneaky yeah yeah I would say sneaky over
afro only because of Sneaky's presence
at Worlds no that's true an afro
unfortunately it misses it frequently
well they both only have two titles two
so it's not even like there's that much
of a difference how think it has think
you ever won an MVP no no I'm pretty
good and been on the ballot yeah sure
what does that be MVP hmm okay so wait
back to the original question now
they've done with this Tidy Cats copy
which we'll review in a second I is
xmithie number three well that's what we
were just talking about word we're not
we're looping back to the original
question is xmithie number three we're
back on track is number three yeah I
don't know if you you missed the Travis
but we answered yes I think other things
afro and sneaky might be the only people
who can contest them
wait that's literally just where we were
but it's dark
because sneaky might not have I don't
think he's ever gone MVP no x-men he
hasn't got MVP there and I think he's
been a Finals MVP he has I think he was
last summer for immortals he was up
there definitely him a no way I think's
think he's probably gotten more all pros
yeah I mean there's been splits where
xmithie has been memed right like the
Suwanee all that stuff I think Sneaky's
been very consistent that's like one of
the things in Stinky's favors like stink
he just doesn't really have bad splits
like he's just always up there and and
quite frankly like you know I mean Peter
about the slop but like Peter wasn't in
top 3 ATC last split right like you
could argue that Stinky's been more
consistent than Peter he wasn't in top 3
according to the all-pro voting yeah
that doesn't mean he wasn't a top 3 ATC
last split well yeah but if we're giving
credit from MVP nominations like that's
the same system yeah rush also won an
MVP I know what you mean especially
because I've been talking about all
these MVPs and all pros and stuff not
really working I'm just gonna showed up
you're invalidating the argument you
just made a second ago Kelvin you found
my weakness which was you you found the
the counter and in saying that Peter
wasn't on the you know yes exactly your
desire to defend Peter splits were
sneaky misses as well I have to
double-check but like when piglet turtle
doublelift sneaky and all them we're
popping off and Cena I was struggling a
little bit i don't think i think sneaky
my name is some in 2015
what's fascinating about so much of this
by the way so these guys are old by n a
four by player standards right like it's
it's fascinating to me that we haven't
seen like peter is an old Peter and I
is there anyone besides like smithy
that's older than Peter and did you know
that Peters 24 by the way did you know
that 90% of the NA LCS titles are held
by just 1% of the players who have
played in the LCS
wait sorry one more time I don't know I
made that stand up but it's probably
something like that well I just I wanted
a double
check this because I just wanted to know
that I wasn't the worst friend ever
I'm sorry he's 25 25 Calvi he's 25 my
bad I just googled it yeah yeah I did
I heard as I said it I was like god it's
like doing math on air like Smith he is
27 I wonder who's older than Xfinity
Szold either them I laugh or miss 26
we're talking about aphromoo like it's
it's fascinating to me like bjergsen is
the only one that's a young and well
we're talking about greatest players of
all time in our region of course they're
all going to be older no no but I'm
saying it's fascinating that these guys
are all holding their Thrones so late in
the game yeah because they're still like
the best for their position in the rear
yeah that's my point is that like in a
lot of Regents you've seen a lot of
these guys face out I don't know if
that's a slam against na and that we
can't we can't bring up talent or
replace these guys this that's not
necessarily true like so as it's still
there faker is still there gorilla is
still in all those weaker is 22 he's not
25 or 26 age age doesn't really matter
lifestyle choice matters way more than
age yeah I was actually about to make a
good Charlotte reference but decided not
to that's good I'm just saying like 95
minutes which I didn't get that like if
it's not super surprising to me that
like the people who were having this
conversation or other people who have
stayed on top for extended periods of
time yeah yeah anyways let me wrap it up
I don't I don't know if we have a good
answer for you Caden I think there's a
good argument to be made for explicity
but there's a good argument to be made
for several other people right that's
the answer well that's all these are
their opinions and when we agree with
his opinion we're both like yep I proud
put smithy throw a kick well I yeah I
think that for titles though is what
really seals it yeah because that's not
subjective yeah the four titles and the
MSI performance for me that was that was
huge for me Kate thank you so much for
calling in sorry we got off to a rough
start but I think your question was good
hey thanks man appreciate it have a good
one it was actually a lot rougher once
you came back yeah I was gonna say when
you I was just waiting for him all right
here we go
you say we got heart for you hey at Tidy
Cats you seem like you're a bunch of
cool cats have you heard about how much
eSports fans love their pets we'd love
to see you litter the space with some
sponsorship do we like I'm pretty good
with that actually okay
can you can put I so the only the only
issue I have is cats twice even though
one say yeah in the breeding tag yeah
but I feel like you have to pick cats
somewhere in here okay we could move it
around
can you paste it so that I can okay what
if we because right now it looks like
this I'm gonna put it into Skype you can
see it there yeah what if we move it so
it's hey Teddy cats have you heard about
how much eSports fans love just just
post post whatever you want don't send
me something before no no but I think
he'll he wants to see so we can
rearrange it right so what if we moved
that you seem like you're a bunch of
cool cats to the second sentence so it
looks like it definitely helps it looks
like this hey Teddy cats hey Teddy cats
have you heard about how much eSports
fans love their pets you seem like
you're a bunch of cool cats we'd love to
see you litter the space with some
sponsorship so now I'm looking good yeah
yeah yeah yeah is that the Creed we're
going with send it okay so I'm gonna
tweet it first I'll post in twitch chat
yeah yeah I have a picture to go with it
too
oh yeah oh yeah if you want if you want
to take a picture of your cat and
include that in the copy everyone yeah
yeah you I can't but I think that's a
good way to do this I don't think that
people should just all take the picture
of mark's cat i wore to stock image
search or just like take one off of
google yeah you know i mean you should
go copy and paste pictures that they've
already replied to from there yeah okay
okay i'm going to spam their twitter you
guys I see all you spamming yeah what
about pornhub we're not doing that I see
you also use what havoc we all see you
claiming the copy that's great I'm gonna
spam the Twitter
go to their Twitter all right go to
their Twitter and spam and non-spam it
but go their Twitter use that copy if
you've got a picture of your cat use the
picture of the cat if you don't then
that's okay just use the copy we're
gonna see if we can start moving here
okay
Kelby may doesn't think we can bring a
brand into the space I believe in the
power of this show all right this is a
show about the people and what their
opinions are what they can accomplish
big wigs like Kelby he's been sitting on
his throne of cash for years being like
ha I can bring this Brandon I can bring
this Brandon it's not about him it's a
this is a democratic show okay you you
the people you the viewers you have the
ability to bring in viewers okay
don't let the monopoly of Kelby Mays all
over the world be be you know the
tyranny of them don't let that lead you
down the road we're gonna do this we're
gonna bring a brand in Tidy Cats they
might be the first one swear to God if
it's not tidy cats are figuring out
another one I'm not laughing at you to
be clear I'm laughing it to its judges
copy the exact same all right if you
really it'd be really great if you could
get it before they swish it to pornhub
like clip it so you can see the chat
going up we're printing on how do I put
on r9k mode or whatever so the thing
well i just let him go get whatever
let's see-oh river by the way sent a
gamepedia article which is LCS players
by age st. vicious and dodo are still on
the list as well as songs so 31 29 28
or maybe just include coaches yeah extra
math linux special he's out flame flame
is 26
medias is 25 double so so you got these
the oldest then right above him is flame
and then double if doublelift is tied
for that with after mu and solo well so
there's older than I expected
interesting all right we're gonna get
the the next sponsor and sorry the tech
sponsor well we're getting the next one
certain right now that's what I'm seeing
on Twitter but we're gonna get the next
caller and and I see I see a lot of
people we already pulled up Noah yeah
what's up how's it going it's going
pretty good let me mute your stream okay
go for we go that's good I need to
figure out how this Tidy Cats campaign
is going I think it's going well it's
gonna go really well until twitch get
twitch chat gets it it's work it's it is
actually going really well people are
tweeting pictures of their cats that's
I've actually in love with this we've
got so many tweets
hang on I'm sure that's like kind of cat
Noah can I can I can on stream look at
all these look at this there's so many
people this is all from within the last
minute
I can't tell these are real cat pictures
now there are people just doing some
things like the one that was not real I
don't think I don't think that's their
person their cat yeah now okay I want
she look at all this stuff
this is really impressive yeah there's
work with the picture of us doing hot
line like Elvis face-palming in this
picture by the way which I love and and
the cat so this is this is incredible
I'm not gonna scroll up because I don't
know but no people are getting being
good actually there's some more pictures
these are honestly picture of people's
cats this is great
I'll Calvi if you think do you really
think you still think nothing is gonna
come out of this they're gonna walk a
million percent nothing is gonna come
out of this but it's really cool you're
gonna get a tweet back but that's it
okay Noah sorry hi I'm just in a really
good mood right now remind me where
you're calling from I'm coming from
Valdosta Georgia from Georgia okay very
good
what do you want
like about on the show tonight I think
that if clutch gaming makes it through
the gauntlet they're gonna be the
they'll have the best shot of making it
out of groups out of any North American
team clutch gaming okay yeah well we see
that you like to be last and everyone
this is this is exactly where we would
use the Tidy Cats cleanup all right
you're gonna explain this all right
we have the graphic come up and then
mark and Travis and I we clean yet we
move you we move you into the litter box
you know your little shits there but we
freshen it up for you all right anyways
continuing with clutch all right so I
think like from top to bottom they have
a roster that I could probably make a
good um run at a Korean or Chinese team
they have a top laner who can absorb a
lot of pressure he's proven that all
split um even when he doesn't get a lot
of resources he's not gonna lose the
game for his team they have a mid laner
the only min later in North America
whose solo killed faker
um and then a bot Lane combo which
single-handedly took down TSM like a
favorite I guess their weak point is
their jungler Lehrer but people have
been trying to build a team around him
for a long time and this might finally
be the team it works out on I just think
that they're gonna be able to make
enough plays if they get bar any
mentality problems which might be
because they have febiven and solo they
could make a lot of early game plays and
get ahead of a Korean team if they play
to their peak they play their best game
okay hang on what are you doing - Travis
I am do we get sponsored already no we
did not play you know we got it this is
a sample okay this is the sample itself
hey you know thanks for calling in
that's a really poopy take so we're
going to use the tidy cat's litter
system to help clean it up you just do a
cat sound for the street yes okay
everyone it's time for the Purina tiny
cats cleanup that sounds like we got a
stinky one in the litter box right now
think
we've got Purina Tidy Cats here to clean
it up mark you came in with a scooper
what what do you got for this how you
gotta clean this one up well the first
thing is I need a little bit more
context why Noah do you think if team is
world's ready did they end up one of the
worst teams in North America I don't
think they're world's ready but I don't
think any team in North America is
world's ready I don't think Team Liquid
plays the kind of game is gonna win
against Koreans I think much like not
everyone is world's ready but there's a
scale of how world's ready just like
there's a different scale of how much
your litter can cover up your poopy take
[Laughter]
the mid laner in North America to ever
solo kill faker and like yep you set
that Taku ho with the hooks like he was
insane against TSM and if they can make
a repeat performance it doesn't matter
yeah if they could just make a repeat
performance with what they did to TSM
Apollo was praised as the new sneaky you
know he sneaked he's really good if that
Vin's really good solos not gonna feed
Haku who could make a lot of plays
that's gonna win them the game but I
just think if they get their act
together and actually make an effort for
this instead of be down on themselves
which they probably are because they
didn't terribly the split they would
have the best shot out of any team if
every team played to their best level I
think clutch would be the best team on a
world stage Wow that's just that's a
stinker if clutch played every single
game in series like they played versus
TSM in spring they would probably be one
of the best teams in na I'm not even
convinced they would be the best but
they would be one of the best teams the
problem is that was like the any given
Sunday moment for that team where it's
like they fucking did it
and
the peak of their year by far and they
came back to reality after that and to
be fair we know we talked to solo before
and he said they probably over performed
in spring and underperformed in summer
they're probably a little bit more
better than what they show at the very
end but this team does not do anything
as a unit they have no cohesion I think
there's a huge difference between being
able to neutralize top laners in na and
I know there are a lot of good top
laners in it but like people don't
always play around stuff as well like I
think there's a big difference with how
Griffin plays and stuff like that I
don't think it'll be able to neutralize
them and I don't even think that they
have a chance to getting out of gauntlet
I think there's zero percent chance to
get out of the gauntlet I have a really
hard time imagining their sidelines not
getting crushed at Worlds yeah and in
part it's not even just their fault like
Febby doesn't really leave Lane that
much and so like they're gonna have a
hard time in in the 1v1 they're gonna
have a hard time with the fact that
people move around the map better than
them they're gonna have a hard time with
the fact that they don't really have it
to find synergy or play style right now
hey they are gonna have a hard time in
the gauntlet let alone Worlds so I got a
disagree if you know but let me tell
next next Monday if they're at Worlds
you got the the best jamon ready yeah
you're on ready yeah yeah you know
Wilson on reddit Tidy Cats you see that
guy who predicted TSM want to make a
Finals and he's been milking mesh like
that too yeah but I think I don't know
yeah III I'm definitely there's a lot of
room for me to be wrong here but I
believe that you know I just believe in
clutch gaming even if they did terrible
laugh at their peak they were probably
the best like I feel like teams need to
have a defined style and do something
differently than a lot of other teams do
to win that's why CLG did very good
they had range supports at MSI back in
the day when they made the finals and
they did something different I feel like
clutch
could play a little differently in the
bot lane than a lot of other teams and
they might sleep on them and they would
be able to pull around and somehow sneak
out of groups I disagree but to each
their own
yeah hey thank you so much to our good
friend Noah for the call that was a fun
one at the end here I really like it
yeah yeah yeah thanks for being thanks
for being a good sport - we definitely
means pretty hard and I think on an
overwatch league I know I'm the
pizza-delivery Noah oh not the Winston
Noah yeah well okay that makes sense
Noah
thanks so much for it's confusing you do
have an overwatch icon as your discord
picture it was literally just a meme for
this a for this oh okay
well either way thank you so much for
the call that was a fun one and quite
frankly like not it's a it's a good take
cuz you if you're investing you know
you're buying low and hopefully selling
high so like investing into tidy cat's
litter yeah exactly
thanks so much though I have a good see
you see ya all right well that's the
show we accomplished a lot to guys
tonight guys we we discussed who the the
best players are and who's gonna
potentially win gauntlet and we brought
a new sponsor into the space so really
excited about everything we've
accomplished and we made reddit feel
like the third straight week in a row
yeah I mean you just keep leaking
sponsoring remember like three weeks ago
I had like basically said I was like you
know what there's a lot of that like
doesn't come out yeah you said it was up
you were like oh this is annoying
well that like these things just don't
get told there's it there's literally
like if I sat on these things they would
never come out yeah and like I just
think it's the scenes more interesting
when you have the juicy drama and the
bad stories that go along with the good
you know and no one has told that
riotous soldier you hate I'm probably
gonna talk to someone and double-check
this like I have talked to them about
things I can and can't use on specific
case-by-case basis I have not asked the
last
three weeks with my increase in the
amount that I'm doing this if it is
rubbing people the wrong way which I
should do and I probably will do that
that could be a brand segment too if
they're fine with it you know every
every week what is the Zimmer the same
are brought to you by whoever and we
launch the show with Mark Z's latest
gossip
I think weekends we can work the title a
little bit yeah maybe we should just
sponsor that segment with the tidy cat
somehow yeah maybe cuz you know that's
you know what's great is his poop is
actually a term for like secret
information like you got the poop please
like this I'm not even kidding look it
up I heard it was formerly it was like
1950s like World War two okay all right
well I think it would just be easier to
say it's the scoop who knows
oh the scoop oh my god Kelby this is why
you could sell anything to anybody the
scoop man what if what if just tell me I
know you do I really like how I worked a
full day was looking to relax and have
some fun and then came on here and was
asked to use my powers to fucking pitch
Tidy Cats dude well you didn't you
barely did anything I came up with a
copy I came up with the pitch we came up
with you and I came up with the brand
retard yeah I I did the creative the
integration think I think we know what's
up I'm not saying that it was a lot of
work I just like how you can I was yeah
yeah all right Oh flushed and says what
does Kelly do now I I tweet and promote
the chainsmokers a lot that's his job if
you follow me on social media can we get
a chain-smoker sponsorship I don't think
that's the thing that would be a really
good sponsorship
we've had literally that our sales guys
blocked by them on Twitter so I don't
think that we're gonna lock that one
down so that's a tough relationship to
start
by the way just really quickly a couple
things here public Allah gives a subsidy
Mian and audre kills I fear he sent 102
bits the pack 69 reserved image three
count on tilt K Binks secretion or sir
cretians boba cull gives sub to butters
Johnny X zero void hunter 797 exigent
2070 Alexis 79 and Tyson 9 0 1 by the
way if you are give to the suburb you
have been gifted up in the past month
you can reset for $1 it's a special
thing twitch is running this month mark
your guardian shouts plugs anything he
wants I'm so fucking hungry
I haven't eaten I had a bagel today when
I woke up basically Oh a nice little
slice of pizza from the fridge from what
my roommates I'm ready to skedaddle on
out of here what are you gonna come
across some McDonald's some some hot and
fast and dirty food other than that
thanks for watching guys now that the
season is starting to wind down we'll
probably be doing some more interesting
offline TV content less of sitting on a
couch playing games and more of us going
out in the world now that I have some
time to commit to producing cool stuff
so keep an eye on offline TV as well
Coby I would like to shout out one of my
best friends Peter pang oh can I go into
a little bit of a preamble here Travis
so old time CLG fans may know back on
the seal G forums
I used to post before we would go to
like pack sweats and stuff about like
the dream I would have of CLG winning an
event because I'm I live with the team
and I managed them for a long time and I
was a fan of the team first and when you
when you live with guys 12 months out of
the year and you see how hard they work
and you work towards this one goal like
you just become really deeply fascinated
and for me entrenched with this idea of
like
you know everybody getting the payoff
everybody's seeing their their moment to
win and I used to have moments on CLG
where I would like I don't know if other
people do this I assume other people do
this but like I just like a random point
and I would get like lost in in what I
was doing like I for me what happened
the shower war like I would just stand
in the shower for like ten minutes and I
could like very clearly visualize and
imagine like how it would go when we won
an event and the crowd and everybody on
the team's reaction and how feel and
like it was something that I I I longed
for for a really really long time not
for my for myself but mostly for the
guys because I knew how bad they wanted
it and I never got to see it happen on
CLG and going to finals this weekend it
was really really emotional for me you
know like I was Travis and Bernie can
attest to like saying between them
watching the intro because like it hit
me really really hard that like this was
the time that I was finally gonna get to
see Peter play in a final and you know
like I really really obviously wanted
him to win and even though like you know
the series was really lopsided and like
it wasn't like the crowd wasn't super
hyped like I'm just so unbelievably
grateful and happy that I got to go to
an event where I got to see Peter win
and na LCS final it meant a lot to me so
I want to say thank you Peter I love you
dude on that point
definitely get what you're talking about
like I think that's the thing I missed
the most since quitting working with the
team is like this sense of camaraderie
you get when you're just like in the
grind 24/7 with a group of people and
it's something that you probably will
never get anywhere else but like a
competitive endeavor we're like you are
also committed to one thing now even
even when you when you like he'll be
said you leave like I was for Steve in
Miami when he finally won like similar
feeling yeah it's a super special bond
that all those guys share and like I've
I like everytime I see like I saw a Joey
at the golden girl
boy boy at the golden Guardians thing
and like you know like we just like
instantly able to like reconnect and
like you know like tap back into like we
just talked about like what it's like to
share that experience together and like
everybody remembers that and like you
just always have that bond like it's
like the bond brothers like they talk
about between these guys who are on the
team together really cool I'm super
privileged to have been able to share
that with those guys well I was fun
watching this weekend and I think it's
that's a good shout out to Peter it's
kind of crazy I left his hotel room last
night we were hanging out and I just
said Peter this is starting to become
kind of old hat now I just go to one of
these events and see you when we hang
out afterwards and then you know and
he's like I know dude and then the door
shut that was just it's kind of funny
the world is recovering you know so many
people waited so long to watch Peter win
and now they get to do that on the core
like every other every three months
during the spring and summer I guess
it's kind of funny either way that's
been a hotline link episode 44 thank you
to mark and Kelby as always this was a
lot of fun the show's consistently and
being the highlight of my week recently
so thank you to everyone who's been
watching and supporting the show and we
will see you next week